feat(networks): describe which ports are opened on our front-servers (#2160)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/internals/2000-01-01-network.md

[here](https://docs.outscale.com/en/userguide/OUTSCALE-Public-IP-Addresses.html).
Our `osc-secnum-fr1` region is hosted on Outscale `cloudgouv-eu-west-1` region.

## Open Ports

> Scalingo front servers only have ports `80` and `443` opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalingo front-end servers have the following ports open: `80` and `443`.
```

nitpick: I prefer this one WDYT?
